well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gown you know they say the most
exciting sounds in the world are the
whistle of a train an anchor chain and
the sound of an airplane engine from a
true it's probably true those sounds
signal that adventure is coming Travel
is company we're gonna see something new
it's one of those things that we're
losing with the internet age because we
can see everything online time' we just
pull it out and look i tend to agree
with the professor from Good Will
Hunting in that regard yeah you can look
at a photo of the Sistine Chapel but you
won't be able to tell me what it smells
like in there or how your voice echoes
or your footsteps
one of the problems that is coming with
the Internet age is that we are losing
our desire for adventure and with that
we're losing contact with strangers in
strange places we understand and we can
look up how people act in different
places but we don't experience it you
know there's a lot of stats about how
little Americans travel abroad there's a
lot of stats about how little Americans
leave their state but the thing is to
get that experience you don't have to
travel that far you don't have to you
don't have to leave because the odds are
somewhere where you're at whatever the
community is there's something worth
seeing do you never have but we don't
leave anymore we don't get out in our
community it doesn't matter where the
community is if you're in a major city
you know exactly what I'm talking about
though you have a friend come to town
and they want to see Golden Gate Bridge
they want to go to the Statue of Liberty
and you've never gone because you live
there you take for granted that you can
go anytime you know it's like living
near the beach we don't go that much
that's right there and we do we take it
for granted because we always think that
we can go tomorrow
mmm there may not be a tomorrow no
matter where you live there's something
worth seeing there's a landmark even if
it's not a major one even if it's just
something that is significant and
special to your community then get out
and go there and you can experience it
and that's why those sounds are exciting
you know people say travel broadens the
mind it's not really travel it's not the
act of going from one place to another
it's the act of actually being in a
community it's the act of being present
somewhere different
and it may not seem like it but with how
detached we've become from our
communities we can get that same effect
in that same feeling a lot of times
you're right where we live because we
aren't part of a community anymore
really could be as something as simple
as going to a fair you know one one of
the things I love is taking my kids
somewhere that it's something that for
most of us mundane but the first time
they see a fair zoo
something like that and they can
interact with these different things
that they've only seen on TV it to watch
the phenomenon that I'm talking about
take place right in front of you it
might be time with as divided as the
news and all things coming out right now
is divided as it makes a scene it might
be a good idea to get out and realize
we're not really at each other's throats
we're not really on the verge of Civil
War not even close
it might be a good time to hear one of
those three sounds or even just the hum
of your engine the steps of your feet
on the sidewalk whatever it might be
time to visit your own community and
experience it rather than just see it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night